Gitpodify jenkins design library plugin (#61)
jenkinsci/design-library-plugin: README.md

## Usage

You can open this project as a [Gitpod workspace](https://www.gitpod.io/) which comes pre-configured with all the tools you will need.

[![Open in Gitpod](https://gitpod.io/button/open-in-gitpod.svg)](https://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/jenkinsci/design-library-plugin)

> If you prefer using IntelliJ IDEA, you can setup Gitpod integration with JetBrains Gateway using the instructions given [here](https://www.gitpod.io/docs/ides-and-editors/intellij), 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you prefer using IntelliJ IDEA, you can setup Gitpod integration with JetBrains Gateway using the instructions on [gitpod.io](https://www.gitpod.io/docs/ides-and-editors/intellij), 
```
